Include the failureMetadata and successMetadata in TechInsightsApi (#16835)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/lazy-monkeys-worry.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-tech-insights': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-tech-insights': patch
```

We can introduce new features as patch as this package is 0.x

---

> The Check class now includes the failureMetadata and successMetadata as returned by the runChecks call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Check` type now optionally include the `failureMetadata` and `successMetadata` as returned by the `runChecks` call.
```
